.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "JClic Reports" 1 2013-12-04 "" ""
.SH NAME
jclicreports \-  Management of a database to track students work and
results on JClic activities.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jclicreports
.RI [ "CONFFILE.properties" ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B jclicreports
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution. 
It contains only the description of the basic options.
.br
For full manuals and documentation please visit:
.br
http://clic.xtec.cat and https://github.com/projectestac/jclic/wiki

.BR JClic
is formed by a set of computer applications that are used for
carrying out different types of educational activities: puzzles,
associations, text exercises, crosswords...
These activities are  packed in projects. A project is formed by a
set of activities and one or more sequences, which indicate the order
in which they have to be shown.
If you want to test/get/know how JClic projects are you should take a
look at:
.br
http://clic.xtec.cat/db/listact_en.jsp

.BR JClic\ Reports
allows the management of a database to track students work and
results after playing JClic activities. It also acts as a server
to allow accesing to the data using a web browser.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 
.B configuration file
The only parameter allowed by jclicreports is the absolute path to a
configuration file written in Java ".properties" format, containing
specific settings for the different parametres used by the application.
Default values can be found in the
.BR JClicReports.properties
file found on your
.B ~/JClic
directory after running
.BR jclicreports
for first time.

.SS "Parameters used in JClicReports.properties"

.B Parameters related to the general behavior of JClic Reports
.TP
.B verbose
.TP
.B browser
.TP
.B lookAndFeel
.TP
.B language
.TP
.B country
.TP
.B variant
.TP
.B trustClientDateTime
.TP
.B autostart
.TP
.B tooltips

.B Parameters related to the HTTP server
.TP
.B http_port
.TP
.B session_lifetime
.TP
.B http_timeout
.TP
.B http_autostart

.B Parameters related to database connection
.TP
.B dbMaxConns
.TP
.B createTables
.TP
.B dbServer jdbc\:mysql\://localhost/JClicReports
.TP
.B dbDriver com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
.TP
.B dbLogin root
.TP
.B dbMapStatements
.TP
.B tablePrefix JCLIC_
.TP
.B dbPassword
.TP
.B dbMaxCheckoutSeconds
.TP
.B timeout
.TP
.B dbDebugLevel
.TP
.B dbMinConns
.TP
.B dbMaxConnDays

.B Parametres related to the drawing of graphics
.TP
.B graph_color_header_bg
.TP
.B graph_width
.TP
.B graph_color_dist
.TP
.B graph_header_height
.TP
.B graph_font_size
.TP
.B graph_color_border
.TP
.B graph_margin_dist_y
.TP
.B graph_margin_dist_x
.TP
.B graph_dist_width
.TP
.B graph_max_cols
.TP
.B graph_stroke_width
.TP
.B graph_color_bg
.TP
.B graph_color_v2
.TP
.B graph_color_text
.TP
.B graph_color_v1
.TP
.B graph_height
.TP
.B graph_margin
.TP
.B graph_color_header_text
.TP
.B graph_margin_y
.TP
.B graph_font_family
.TP
.B graph_margin_x
.TP
.B graph_color_alert
.TP
.B graph_div_y

.B Parameters related to the logging system
.TP
.B dbLogAppend
.TP
.B http_logFile
.TP
.B dbLogFile

.SH AUTHORS
JClic was written by Francesc Busquets <fbusquets@xtec.cat> for the
Department of Education of the Government of Catalonia.
.PP
This manual page was initially written by José L. Redrejo Rodríguez
<jredrejo@edu.juntaextremadura.net>, for the Debian project, and
continued by Francesc Busquets <fbusquets@xtec.cat> (but may be
used by others).

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR jclic (1),
.BR jclicauthor (1)

